How could this Director Wang know?
In kindergarten
Even the identity of the chick is kept secret
Oh mom
Chicken, why are you here?
I'll help mom.
Don't let bad guys bully mom and sister
How is that possible?
How could he be such a fake?
Husband, don't be deceived by this woman
Look at his poverty
How could he be such a fake?
This kid came to me with the emblem of the Lu family
How could it be fake?
The emblem of the Lu family
That's the symbol of the lower nasal system of the landing.
This troublemaker, you have provoked a big shot this time
Impossible I don't believe it
If he were a member of the Lu family
Why didn't he say it in the first place?
It must be his blood
Then his clan rules might be lazy
Dad, this is the poorest person in our class.
I often see his mother take a taxi to pick him up from school
The taxis are all poor people guarding the street
Ah!
You really belong to the Lu family
Although I said I wouldn't reveal Mrs. Deer's identity
But I can't let Cece and Chicken get hurt
That's right, I'm the wife of a deer